"Candy"
(Episode 8: Si Han, Smoking Is Bad for You)
Thanks.
Don't flatter yourself.
I just didn't want that
clown Shen Hao to win.
Teacher Jiang Wan.
Si Han.
Did you two plan all this from the start?
What are you doing here?
Just passing by.
Um...
I...
Oh, right.
Shen Hao's holding a
press conference tomorrow.
He's got
two old photos of Lin Can.
I'm afraid
he'll make a big deal out of them tomorrow.
Jiang Wan.
Will you...
will you help me with something?
I will.
Later,
Jiang Wan went to see Shen Hao.
She pretended to hate Lin Can.
And volunteered
to pick up Lin Can's mother today
and cause a scene.
She gained Shen Hao's trust.
So,
So teacher Jiang Wan had already planted the
recorder when she picked up Lin Can's mother.
We had secretly placed
a pinhole recording device on her earlier.
And Lin Can, just now,
after deliberately provoking her mother,
got her to reveal where
the photos came from.
That's how we exposed Shen Hao's scheme.
All my doing, you know.
Lin Can.
When did you find out
about Si Han and the others' plan?
Si Han didn't tell me.
But we've worked
together for so many years,
we have that kind of
unspoken understanding.
And the same with Jiang Wan.
Who wants to have an
understanding with her?
Oh, Lin Can.
Are you really quitting showbiz?
Can you bear to leave?
What's there to miss?
Having Nuannuan is enough for me.
From now on, without me,
no one's going to compete
with you for the lead role.
Happy now?
None of your business.
Si Han.
Hm?
From now on,
you can only manage me.
Got it?
Got it.
Okay, let's go.
See?
Useless, all of you.
That bitch Jiang Wan,
how did she get that recording?
Miss Jiang met Si Han
outside the bar last night.
They might have...
Lin Can.
Jiang Wan.
Si Han.
Nuannuan.
I'll make you pay
for crossing me.
Okay,
we're at your place.
Go on up.
No.
I want you to stay with me.
Come on.
I still have to go back to the office.
Okay, be good.
Wait for me to come back.
Alright, fine.
Si Han.
It's nothing.
I'll wait for you.
Jiang Wan!
Hold on!
Si Han...
I love you.
Jiang Wan!
Call an ambulance!
Ambulance!
Anyone there?
Anyone?
Jiang Wan.
Lin Can.
You're next.
So,
where do you want to go?
I want to...
I haven't decided yet.
But,
right now I want ice cream.
Okay.
I'll go get it.
I'll wait here.
Go sit over there.
Okay.
Give me your bag.
Wait here.
Mm.
Hurry back.
Go on, hurry.
Hello?
Nuannuan?
Where are you?
Lin Can.
If you want to save her,
come find me.
Sorry Miss Lin,
you have to wear this.
Mr. Shen's orders.
Lin Can.
You're finally wearing
a wedding dress for me.
Look,
I even specially invited her as a guest.
Do you like it?
Shen Hao.
This is between us.
She has nothing to do with it.
Let her go.
She has nothing to do with it?
She's the one
who took you away from me.
How is that nothing to do with it?
If you dare hurt her today,
I will never forgive you.
Lin Can.
All these years,
we struggled and climbed together,
supporting each other.
We faced so much contempt along the way.
Have you forgotten all of it?
Xiao He.
Come in.
What are you thinking about,
so spaced out?
Someone approached me.
They want me to be a star.
Said to contact them if I'm interested.
What's wrong with you?
Shen Hao.
If you're going to dinner with clients, why drink so much?
It was worth it.
Xiao He.
Wait for me.
Wait until I reach the top.
I'll make sure you live a
life of luxury every day.
No need.
I'll work hard myself.
From when you started school,
to when you left home,
to when you entered the
entertainment industry,
haven't I always supported you fully?
Whatever Wen Nuannuan can give you,
I, Shen Hao,
can give you even more.
Shen Hao,
I told you,
I don't like you.
I don't like men.
Your feelings...
they only burden me.
Without me,
you would still climb on your own.
You were never one
to settle for mediocrity.
Stop saying you did it all for me.
You did it for yourself.
Let her go.
I'll go with you.
Fine.
I won't hurt you.
But...
she has to die.
Are you insane?
Lin Can.
I've already bought the plane tickets.
As soon as the ceremony is over,
we'll leave far away together.
Dream on.
Everyone,
thank you all
for coming to my and Lin Can's wedding.
Freeze!
Don't move!
Lin Can.
Do you love her that much?
You're awake.
Are you hurting anywhere?
I'm fine.
If you ever do that again,
I'll ignore you.
There won't be a next time.
Here,
have some candy.
Xiao He,
what's happened?
Auntie?
What are you doing here?
Auntie.
Auntie, this is my girlf...
Lin Can.
Auntie.
I'm her...
friend.
Auntie's not clueless, I go online.
I saw your news long ago.
What you two get up to, as
long as you're happy then it's fine.
Please, sit.
Who are you with?
Can you please tell us in detail
about Shen Hao kidnapping you?
You said before
you'd quit the industry, is that true?
What are your plans with
your assistant Wen Nuannuan?
Will you settle abroad?
We're not answering these questions.
Please step aside.
Stop filming.
Lin Can,
how is Jiang Wan now?
Move aside.
Si Han,
smoke less.
It's bad for you.
Si Han.
I miss you.
(3 months later)
What do you think of this?
Here,
Nuannuan, Lin Can.
Try some fruit.
Freshly picked, really sweet.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Thanks, Sister Ling.
Sure.
Sister Ling,
how's business at the B&B lately?
Good.
Excellent.
Ever since your reality show aired,
so many people come because of it.
Really?
That's great.
If Si Han
and Jiang Wan could see it,
they'd be really happy.
I heard about that girl Jiang
Wan's situation.
As for you all,
try to comfort Si Han more.
Bring her here to relax sometime.
Sister Ling's place,
the door is always open for you.
Alright,
don't be so somber.
Why don't you stay for a barbecue tonight?
Can't, Sister Ling.
Nuannuan
is coming to my aunt's for dinner today.
I'm afraid your aunt won't like me.
Don't worry.
Trust me.
Who wouldn't like our Nuannuan?
Jeez, you must be hungry.
Wait,
there's more coming.
More?
Yes, more.
Auntie.
Mm.
I just brought Nuannuan...
Let me serve you.
For a simple meal.
You didn't have to go to all this trouble.
What's the big deal?
I'm sorry for the bother.
Such a feast!
It's Nuannuan's first time here,
of course Auntie had to prepare properly.
From now on, we're all family.
What are you grinning about?
Nothing.
It's just...
it's been a while since
I felt like I had a home.
Here,
Nuannuan.
Let's have a toast.
Auntie wishes you both
happiness and health.
And
joy every day.
Cheers.
Thanks, Auntie.
Eat up, eat up.
Come on, eat.
Here,
dear.
Have some more.
Thanks, Auntie.
Eat more, you're both so thin.
Come to Auntie's more often.
I'll take good care of you.
It still tastes the same.
Auntie,
are you really okay with
me and Lin Can?
Okay with what?
Auntie is really happy
you two are together.
Xiao He
is lucky
to have such a good
kid like you by her side.
It really puts Auntie's mind at ease.
I...
I'm really not that great.
It's just...
she can be really mean sometimes.
Then you must not be
doing a good enough job.
Nuannuan,
if Xiao He ever bullies you,
you tell Auntie.
Auntie will handle it for you.
Okay.
Nuannuan.
You and Xiao He, both being girls,
this kind of relationship,
it's not easy.
In the future,
no matter what difficulties you face,
you must face them bravely.
Don't worry, Auntie.
Eavesdropping, are we?
Finished the dishes?
I'm doing them, I'm doing them!
I'm telling you,
come to Auntie's more often.
It makes Auntie so happy.
Usually I'm here all alone.
Having you here makes me really happy.
Okay.
I wonder how Si Han
is doing lately.
Give her some time.
No evening study hall today, this is great!
Yeah!
Where should we go?
Remember
back in the day?
Of course.
Power's out.
Why'd the power go out?
Yes!
Power cut!
Everyone quiet!
Stay in your seats and wait.
Hey!
Where are we going?
To have some fun.
Dragging me out like this,
aren't you afraid the girls who
like you will get the wrong idea?
What's wrong?
(End)
Jiang Wan.
How are you feeling?
Any better?
Want to eat something?
What's wrong?
Did I hurt you?
What is it?
Why aren't you saying anything?
I heard
while I was sick,
a devoted fan
came to see me every day.
That must have been you, right?
"Devoted"...
"fan"...
Um...
The patient just woke up.
Her emotions are very unstable.
Please step out for now.
I'm so sorry.
Si Han.
Lin Can and I
went to see Jiang Wan today.
Lin Can and I know that she has
amnesia and she doesn't remember you.
Don't panic.
There has to be a way.
Is there?
Does she still remember us?
She does.
But...
she remembers us,
and Sister Ling too.
And...
she even thanked Sister Ling
for the local snacks she sent.
Cheers.
She remembers Sister Ling.
Out of everything in the world,
she doesn't remember me.
Why?
Why did you two bring me here?
I'm busy.
It wont take too much of your time.
So many mosquitoes!
Stop complaining.
We're almost there.
Go on.
Wait for us on that bridge.
We'll be right back.
Go on.
Quick.
It's so hot!
Let's go.
Hello, Jiang Wan.
I'm Si Han.